- **A.**
	- **1-2.** Let $g = \prod x_i$. Clearly, $(\prod x_i)^{-1}\prod x_i = 1$, and also $(\prod x_{n-i})\prod x_i = 1$ by considering the inner products. By the uniqueness of the inverse, it follows that $(\prod x_i)^{-1} = \prod x_{n-i}$.
	- **1-3.** *Assuming $x$ to be arbitrary:* $x^2 = 1 \implies xxx^{-1} = 1x^{-1} \implies x1 = 1x^{-1} \implies x = x^{-1}$. So if $x, y$ are arbitrary, $(xy)^2 = 1$ whence $xyxy = 1 \implies yx = x^{-1}y^{-1} = (yx)^{-1}$. As $(yx)^{-1} = x^{-1}y^{-1} = xy$, it follows that $yx = xy$ and so that the group is abelian.
	- **1-4.** Note that two elements cannot have the same inverse. Now if $(y_i)$ denotes the set of *non-involute* (where it is clear that $1$ is involute) elements of $G$, it follows that $y_i^{-1} \neq y_i$, so we may decompose $(y_i)$ into pairs of elements $y_j$ and $y_j^{-1}$. Thus, $(y_i)$ must have even cardinality. The remainder $G - (y_i)$ represents the set of *involute* elements, and with the removal of the unit $1$ it follows that the cardinality of the remaining set must be odd. Therefore, there must be at least one involute element in $G$ which is not $1$.
	- **1-5.** If $G$ is abelian then $(xy)^n = \prod(xy) = \prod^n x\prod^n y = x^ny^n$, where the second equality follows from a finite sequence of commutations of the order of elements. If the equality holds then the case $n=1$ immediately yields the fact that $G$ is abelian.   
- **B.**
	- **1-6.** That $\mathbf Q$ and $\mathbf R$ are not isomorphic as groups follows from the fact that $|\mathbf Q| < |\mathbf R|$. To show that $\mathbf Z$ and $\mathbf Q$ are not isomorphic, suppose that $\phi : \mathbf Z \to \mathbf Q$ is a bijection. 